--------------------------To do list

Add generate to undo/redo list.

Make sure we print after every move that changes the board and on opening of new file, follow forum and instructions to make sure.

Make sure we don't finish game if board erroneous (Probaly did it already).

Make sure we print an error when player sets erroneous value.

Revise "string" in function fillBoard in fileFunc, maybe we should use calloc instead.

understand why generate fails alot,even on not so big numbers(maybe the subfunctions are not working properly,).maybe it's ok?(for example,we had a 
fail when only 2 cells were filled,which does not make sense.maybe we are doing the filling of X cells not correctly)

DEBUGGING FOR VSS - check if there are enough contraints of each type and they are as we intended, so we won't miss any case

fix a print as told by mosses in רווח בהדפסת שגיאה בgenerate in the forum

add the prints in a command what is written in the forum in the  פרויקט תוכנה: שגיאות בקריאה\כתיבה לקובץ subject

test the gurobi file(check if the constraints are correct)

Update the value of filledCells properlly in Generate

Learn Gurobi(maybe done??????)

YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET

-------------------------Grandiose Library of Done list

IN AUTOFILL-IF IT DIDNT ADD ANY NEW VALUES,MAKE SURE WE DONT DELETE THE MOVES THAT WERE AFTER IT(REDO SHOULD NOT BE DELETED,SO DONT DO DELETE_ALL_NEXT) - looks good.

Validate for save and for validate - ILP

Generate - ILP

hint - ILP

Check what's wrong with numSol, after one time, number of solutions is 0? or diffrent values after first time, not sure why - updated x and y at end of function and erased cell before we quit the function.

check erroneous cells when opening a file, we don't save the notation of error but we need to check if board has erroneous values?

(is this needed in the todo lol [NOPE])In order for us to dynamically allocate the space needed for a cell we need to implement the log_10 and roof function in order to know the length that we will need in order to represent the value of a cell

when we load a board find out why empty cells are erroneous 

check if what is written in פרויקט תוכנה: תשובה ל: פקודה ארוכה מאוד + שאלה נוספת is implemented correctly in our code

Update the value of filledCells properlly in autofill and redo/undo+check win in autofill+check if we have these issues in other commands

-------------------------Tests we have done

Solve - without file, with file, with non existing file

Edit - Same as Edit

print_board - working good

set - also looks good, need more testing

undo\redo - Check and check!

save - worked from edit, solve

autofill - looks really good, I mean REALLY REALLY GOOD!

CheckErroneous - looks fine now

Exit, Reset - Check with ValGrind, looks cool

--------------------------Tests simple tester supposed to check

(solo tested) Any command except solve and edit in Init mode (start of game or puzzle solved) - shouldn't run.(except exit lmao,it is supposed to work)

"solve" + "edit" - without another input, without an existing file, and with a good file.

(solo tested)"mark errors" - with incorrect value, changing in edit, change in solve, open a diffrent game and check value is still changed.

(solo tested)"set" - without enough values, with too many values (should work) with incorrect values - out of range, digits or negatives, placing same value or 0 on cell and check if filledCells changes.chars instead of digits.

(solo tested)"validate" - on unsolveable board, on solveable board, on erroneous board.

(solo tested)"generate" - in solve mode, in edit mode without empty board, in edit with empty board, 20 values.

"undo" + "redo" - on beginning of a game (list should be empty), more than the commands issued, and check how many commands acutally registered, after reset.

"save" - in solve and edit mode without a file name, with a file name, with valid and invalid board.

"hint" - without enough values, with too many values, with values out of range, digits or negatives.

"num_solutions" - on invalid board, on valid board with 1 solution, NEED TO FIND BOARD WITH FEW VALUES.

"autofill" - with invalid board, with valid board until completion of puzzle.

"reset" - on file loading, multipile times in a row, after some commands have been made.

--------------------------Remarks

Only in Solve mode: autofill, mark_errors, hint. Only in Edit mode: generate.

What is a good way to check erroneous? We don't like checking everything, very bad complexity

Send array of triplets that contains col,row,val of a cell that is filled so we add a constraint that this value equals 1 in the correct col and row (ILP)

Stack ----- (NumOfSol) run while didn't pop bottome with val == -1, untill then push every possible move with good values, pop when we get stuck somewhere/no next empty cell (solutions++)

-------------------------Questions

Do we need to put fixed values on zeroes when we save in edit mode and does it matter?

What to do with a board completely filled on opening

-------------------- The Archive of Forbidden Questions

Check if we autofill even if board is unsolveable but doesn't contain same number in block, cell and row

do we re/undo autofill and if so what do we print

ask Moshe if in reading from files, if m and n can be seperated (not in the same line)

Ask what is the exact meaning of erroneous, is the board is valid, or only no same number in block, column, row, question comes since num of solutions ignores 0 solution on board

Is it possible to have a cell both fixed and erroneous and how to print it (possible when entering same value in a row/.../... of a fixed cell) --- Cells can't be both, only fixed or erroneous.

What to print in edit mode - with dot for fixed? without? both? WTF? -- Cells are only fixed in Solve mode, not erroneous

What if we set the same value to the same cell twice, do we add it as a change to the linked list bitch? -- Yes, we add it

Moshe, listen you MOFO what the heck is going on with "[]" in edit? is it a required characters on input? or you're just messing up with us? Get your shit together. -- [] Are not part of the input
